Document config entry minor version (#2017)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/config_entries_config_flow_handler.md

Migration can be handled programatically by implementing function `async_migrate_entry` in your component's `__init__.py` file. The function should return `True` if migration is successful.

> The version is made of a major and minor version. If minor versions differ but major versions are same, integration setup will be allowed to continue even if the integration does not implement `async_migrate_entry`. This means a minor version bump is backwards compatible unlike a major version bump which causes the integration to fail setup if the user downgrades HA Core without restoring their configuration from backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version is made of a major and minor version. If minor versions differ but major versions are the same, integration setup will be allowed to continue even if the integration does not implement `async_migrate_entry`. This means a minor version bump is backwards compatible unlike a major version bump which causes the integration to fail setup if the user downgrades Home Assistant Core without restoring their configuration from backup.
```

```python
# Example migration function
async def async_migrate_entry(hass, config_entry: ConfigEntry):
    """Migrate old entry."""
    _LOGGER.debug("Migrating from version %s", config_entry.version)

    if config_entry.version > 1:
      # This means the user has downgraded from a future version
      return False

    if config_entry.version == 1:

        new = {**config_entry.data}
        config_entry.minor_version < 2:
            # TODO: modify Config Entry data with changes in version 1.2
            pass
        config_entry.minor_version < 3:
            # TODO: modify Config Entry data with changes in version 1.3
            pass

>         config_entry.version = 1

Reviewer: Side note: One thimg that has always annoyed me is that we modify the config entry directly for version instead of using `async_update_entry`.
